README.md, before:

# Introduction

This is a 1st year college project about making a web system, the conditions of the project is to make a static web design, but I asked my professor if i could try out for a non-static website so i did with just HTML, CSS and Javascript (No SQL, PHP or JQuery).
This web design has functions that display the usefulness and possibilities of javascript, you may use these as references to level up your javascript knowledge.
"News" was the chosen theme for our project to start with.

## Accounts

I am using object arrays that can store more than 2 values that can be a different datatype.
As you can see I am not using more than 1 HTML, this is because the data from javascript cannot be carried over to the other HTML files, javascript also cannot manage files outside of its system.
The accounts array dont have database, only temporary data, once the web is refreshed or closed and reopened, the registered accounts will disappear.

### Register

Register has 4 different ways to check errors.
Email must have @ and .com, on the correct placements.
Password must be more than 8 characters.
Confirm Password must be same as the Password.
The form must be filled.

### Login

Login has 2 different ways to check for errors.
Login must match the login credentials on the Accounts array.
The form must be filled.

## News

As stated, the data from javascript cannot be carried over to the other HTML files, so the News files are placed on the js file.
3 news categories are created.

### Dashboard 

Dashboard displays 4 news categories that have 3 most recent news each category.

### Newslist

Displays a list of news based on the category.

### NewsContent

The content is loaded from the js file and images on the Report folder.

## Others

Privacy policy, Support, Terms of Service, About and Advertisements have been added to make the website look more complete.

### Master page

This includes the Header and the footer which displays the accounts section, logo, search and categories on the header, privacy policy, support, terms of service and about on the footer.

## Gallery

![Image1](/README/img1.png)
![Image2](/README/img2.png)
![Image3](/README/img3.png)
![Image4](/README/img4.png)
![Image5](/README/img5.png)

Commit message:

Disclaimer
- I do not want to get a negative backlash

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This is a 1st year college project about making a web system, the conditions of the project is to make a static web design, but I asked my professor if i could try out for a non-static website so i did with just HTML, CSS and Javascript (No SQL, PHP or JQuery).
This web design has functions that display the usefulness and possibilities of javascript, you may use these as references to level up your javascript knowledge.
"News" was the chosen theme for our project to start with.

### Disclaimer

I would like you to be aware that most of the content I have put in here are not mine, they are credited to their owner and links

## Accounts

I am using object arrays that can store more than 2 values that can be a different datatype.
As you can see I am not using more than 1 HTML, this is because the data from javascript cannot be carried over to the other HTML files, javascript also cannot manage files outside of its system.
The accounts array dont have database, only temporary data, once the web is refreshed or closed and reopened, the registered accounts will disappear.

### Register

Register has 4 different ways to check errors.
Email must have @ and .com, on the correct placements.
Password must be more than 8 characters.
Confirm Password must be same as the Password.
The form must be filled.

### Login

Login has 2 different ways to check for errors.
Login must match the login credentials on the Accounts array.
The form must be filled.

## News

As stated, the data from javascript cannot be carried over to the other HTML files, so the News files are placed on the js file.
3 news categories are created.

### Dashboard 

Dashboard displays 4 news categories that have 3 most recent news each category.

### Newslist

Displays a list of news based on the category.

### NewsContent

The content is loaded from the js file and images on the Report folder.

## Others

Privacy policy, Support, Terms of Service, About and Advertisements have been added to make the website look more complete.

### Master page

This includes the Header and the footer which displays the accounts section, logo, search and categories on the header, privacy policy, support, terms of service and about on the footer.

## Gallery

![Image1](/README/img1.png)
![Image2](/README/img2.png)
![Image3](/README/img3.png)
![Image4](/README/img4.png)
![Image5](/README/img5.png)
